Fix inaccuracy in intro to ethereum developer doc (#6571)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/index.md

New blocks are broadcast to the nodes in the network, checked and verified, thus updating the state of the blockchain for everyone.

> So to summarize, when you send ETH to someone, the transaction must be added to the block which should be mined. The updated state is then shared with the entire network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So to summarize, when you send ETH to someone, the transaction must be added to the block which will get mined. The updated state is then shared with the entire network.
```
